Update manuscript based on JNT Google Docs readthrough (#136)
jaybee84/ml-in-rd: content/04.model-complexity.md

Simplification of models by making the feature space proportionate with the sample space can also be achieved through regularization. 
Regularization can not only protect ML models from poor generalizability that results from overfitting (where the model performs well for the training data but poorly for new test data) [@doi:10.1073/pnas.1900654116], but also help penalize model complexity and reduce the feature space to build simpler models using limited datasets. 
Three popular regularized methods include ridge regression, LASSO, and elastic-net. 
Ridge regression can minimize the magnitude of the features, but cannot remove unimportant features. 
LASSO regression, on the other hand, works well for selecting few important features since it can minimize the magnitude of some features more than the others [@doi:10.1038/nmeth.4014]. 
A combination of LASSO and ridge, elastic-net regression [@doi:10.1111/j.1467-9868.2005.00503.x] selects the most useful features, especially in presence of a large number of correlated features.

> Studies leveraging regularization in rare variant discovery and immune cell signature discovery can provide important insights into its possible application in rare disease. [TODO: Why are these studies/problems relevant to rare disease research?] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rare variant discovery and immune cell signature discovery studies, like rare diseases, face challenges of the sparsity of observations (e.g. rare variants, or rare immune cells).
Studies leveraging regularization in these problems can provide important insights into its possible application in rare disease.  
```
